>> Sean Larkin: That would be
essentially the entirety of I would say
I've exhausted code splitting
[LAUGH] to the maximum level.
If you're creating
something like a component
library,
>> Sean Larkin: I think the only other
thing that I would encourage you
to consider is that if you are,
think about how View makes
code-splitting first class, right?
So this can be adapted to any other
library code that you want, right?
If you,
a great example is Excalibur, right?
So I'm sure that there are a lot pieces as
a part of Engine that might not get used
right away, right?
So or that only happened lazily.
So the analogy could be while Engine,
instead of shipping something under the
hood automatically when an event happens.
Maybe take and
allow a user to use a dynamic import
to load a piece that's required.
And then,
as a part of instantiating Engine,
you pass that piece in
as a dynamic import.
So that way, when that event occurs, you
just made first class code-splitting for
your library and
make the pieces really modular.
So if somebody wants to focus
on performance in your library,
having the ability to pass in in
your API surface a function that
returns a dynamic import
is really powerful.
But that's really the last I can,
if you have more questions about that or
wanna see examples,
I'm happy to show you sometime.
But I think we've exhausted
code-splitting, right?
Does anybody have any
final questions about it?
The reason why I emphasize it so much is
because literally code-splitting exists
to solve performance, and to solve
the number one problem of performance,
which is the amount of JavaScript you
ship on your initial experience, right?
So if there aren't any questions,
I'm just gonna go ahead and, I mean,
if there are just shoot them at me, and
I will go ahead and check this branch.